root = true

[*]
charset = utf-8
end_of_line = lf
trim_trailing_whitespace = false
insert_final_newline = true

[**.js]
path=/usr/local/lib/node_modules/js-beautify/js/lib/beautify.js
bin=/usr/local/bin/node
e4x = true
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
indent_brace_style= Allman
curly_bracket_next_line=true
spaces_around_operators= true
spaces_around_brackets= inside
indent_level= 0
indent_with_tabs= false
preserve_newlines= true
max_preserve_newlines= 2
jslint_happy= false
space_after_anon_function= false
brace_style= collapse
keep_array_indentation= false
keep_function_indentation= false
space_before_conditional= true
break_chained_methods= false
eval_code= false
unescape_strings= false
wrap_attributes= auto
wrap_attributes_indent_size= 4
end_with_newline= false
indent_inner_html=true
indent_handlebars=true


[**.json]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

[**.jsx]
path=/usr/local/lib/node_modules/js-beautify/js/lib/beautify.js
bin=/usr/local/bin/node
e4x = true
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
indent_brace_style= Allman
curly_bracket_next_line=true
spaces_around_operators= true
spaces_around_brackets= inside
indent_level= 0
indent_with_tabs= false
preserve_newlines= true
max_preserve_newlines= 2
jslint_happy= false
space_after_anon_function= false
brace_style= collapse
keep_array_indentation= false
keep_function_indentation= false
space_before_conditional= true
break_chained_methods= false
eval_code= false
unescape_strings= false
wrap_attributes= auto
wrap_attributes_indent_size= 4
end_with_newline= false
indent_inner_html=true
indent_handlebars=true

[**.css]
path=/usr/local/lib/node_modules/js-beautify/js/lib/beautify-css.js
bin=/usr/local/bin/node
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
newline_between_rules= true
preserve_newlines= true

[**.html]
path=/usr/local/lib/node_modules/js-beautify/js/lib/beautify-html.js
bin=/usr/local/bin/node
e4x = true
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
indent_brace_style= Allman
curly_bracket_next_line=true
spaces_around_operators= true
spaces_around_brackets= inside
indent_level= 0
indent_with_tabs= false
preserve_newlines= true
max_preserve_newlines= 2
jslint_happy= false
space_after_anon_function= false
brace_style= collapse
keep_array_indentation= false
keep_function_indentation= false
space_before_conditional= true
break_chained_methods= false
eval_code= false
unescape_strings= false
wrap_attributes= auto
wrap_attributes_indent_size= 4
end_with_newline= false
brace_style=collapse
end_with_newline=false
indent_char= " "
indent_handlebars=false
indent_inner_html=false
indent_scripts=normal
indent_size= 2
max_preserve_newlines= 2
preserve_newlines= true
wrap_line_length= 0
